Not for the first time, an argument had broken out over breakfast at number
four, Privet Drive. Mr. Vernon Dursley had been woken in the early hours of the
morning by a loud, hooting noise from his nephew Harry‘s room.
„Third time this week!" he roared across the table. „If you can‘t control that owl,
it‘ll have to go!"
Harry tried, yet again, to explain.
„She‘s bored," he said. „She‘s used to flying around outside. If I could her just
let her out at night—"
„Do I look stupid?" snarled Uncle Vernon, a bit of fried egg dangling from his
busty mustache. „I know what‘ll happen if that owl‘s let out."
He exchanged dark looks with his wife, Petunia.
Harry tried to argue back but his words were drowned by a long, loud belch
from the Dursley’s son, Dudley.
„I want more bacon."
„There‘s more in the frying pan, sweetums," said Aunt Petunia, turning misty
eyes on her massive son. „We must build you up while we‘ve got the chance… I
don‘t like the sound of that school food…"
„Nonsense, Petunia, I never went hungry when I was at Smeltings," said Uncle
Vernon heartily. „Dudley gets enough, don‘t you, son?"
Dudley, who was so large his bottom drooped over either side of the kitchen
chair, grinned and turned to Harry.
„Pass the frying pan."
„You‘ve forgotten the magic word," said Harry irritably.
The effect of this simple sentence on the rest of the family was incredible.
Dudley gasped and fell of his chair with a crash that shook the whole kitchen.
Mrs. Dursley gave a small scream and clapped her hands to her mouth; Mr.
Dursley jumped to his feet, veins throbbing in his temple.
„I meant please!" said Harry quickly. „I didn‘t mean—"
„WHAT HAVE I TOLD YOU," thundered his uncle, spraying spit over the table.
„ABOT SAYING THE M WORD IN MY HOUSE?"
„But I—"
„HOW DARE YOU THREATEN DUDLEY!" roared Uncle Vernon, pounding the
table with his fist.
„I just—"
„I WARNED YOU! I WILL NOT TOLERATE MENTION OF YOUR ABNORMALITY
UNDER THIS ROOF!"
Harry stared from his purple-faced uncle to his pale aunt, who was trying to
heave Dudley to his feet.
„All right," said Harry, „all right…"
Uncle Vernon sat back down, beathing like a winded rhinoceros and watching
Harry closely out of the corners of his small, sharp eyes.
Ever since Harry had come home for the summer holidays, Uncle Vernon had
been treating him like a bomb that might go off at any moment, because Harry
Potter wasn‘t a normal boy. As a matter of fact, he was not normal as it is possible
to be.
Harry Potter was a wizard—a wizard fresh from his first year at Hogwarts School
of Witchcraft and Wizardry. And if the Dursleys were unhappy to have him back
for the holidays, it was nothing to how Harry felt.
He missed Hogwarts so much it was like having a constant stomachache. He
missed the castle, with its secret passageways and ghosts, his classes (though
perhaps not Snape, the Potions master), the mail arriving by owl, eating banquets
in the Great Hall, sleeping in his four-poster bedin the tower dormitory, visiting
the game keeper, Hagrid, in his cabin next to the Forbidden Forest in the grounds,
and, especially, Quidditch, the most popular sport in the wizarding world (six tall
goal posts, four flying balls, and fourteen players on brommsticks).
All Harry‘s spellbooks, his wand, robes, and top-of-the-line Nimbus Two
Thousand broomstick had been locked in a cupboard under the stairs by Uncle
Vernon the instant Harry had come home. What did the Dursleys care if Harry lost
his place on the House Quiddich team because he hadn‘t practiced all summer?
What was it to the Dursleys if Harry went back to school without any of his
homework done? The Dursley were what wizards call Muggles (not a drop of
magical blood in their veins, and as far as they were concerned, haviong a wizard
in the family was a matter of deepest shame. Uncle Vernon had even padlocked
Harry‘s owl, Hedwig, inside her cage,  stop her from carrying messages to anyone
in the wizarding world.to
Harry looked nothing like the rest of the family. Uncle Vernon was large and
neckless, with an enormous black mustache; Aunt Petunia was horse-faced and
bony; Dudley was blond, pink, and porky. Harry, on the other hand, was small
and skinny, with brilliant green eyes and jet-black hair that was always untidy. He
wore round glasses, and on his forehead was a thin, lightning-shaped scar.
It was this scar that made Harry so particularly unusual, even for a wizard. This
scar was the only hint of Harry‘s very mysterious past, of the reason he had been
left on the Dursleys‘ doorstep eleven years before.
At the age of one year old, Harry had somehow survived a curse from the
greatest Dark sorcerer of all time, Lord Voldemort, whose name most witches and
wizards still feared to speak. Harry‘s parents had died in Voldemort‘s attack, but
Harry had escaped with his lightning scar, and somehow—nobody understood why
Voldemort‘s powers had been destroyed the instant he had failed to kill Harry.
So Harry had been brought up by his dead mother‘s sister and her husband. He
had spent ten years with the Dursleys, never understanding w


